Now we need to add the buffer's tom out and the foul Handal cash directive's, we are not going to let
the engine X.com NFR with hundreds of directive's.
We are going to make use of the include DirecTV.
What I recommend you do is inside your Ingenix directory is create a new directory where you could store
all of your configuration files sudo mkdir or we want to create a directory.
I'm going to call it global listing.
There is the directory we have just created.
Let's change to that directory.
We can type a local path name to that directory.
The directory is empty.
I'm going to use the touch command and create three files.
Buffer's Dot seo in if I can press that up.
Iraqi remove Buffer's timeouts, prisma up Iraqi again, remove timeouts and then file andal cache.
A long listing will show us the three files that we have just created using the touch command.
The size of the files, they are all zero.
So you do no know and we can open Buffer's with all configuration files that you create.
Comment the file.
Well, we can now add our buffer directive's to the buffers dot com NFR.
You will find these directives as well as the values for each one in the companion to this lecture,
you can close NENO saving the changes to buffers dot c0 and if the next file we can open file handle
cache dot c and if the settings for file handle cache engine X will cache one thousand five hundred
files for thirty seconds.
But that excludes any files that haven't been accessed for thirty seconds and only files that have been
accessed five times in that time frame.
You can close.
No, no saving the changes.
It's open the lost file in no time outs.
We have added our timeout directives.
You can exit NENO saving the changes.
So we've created our three files, buffers, file, handle cache and timeouts.
Go back one level and open the main engine X configuration.
File it.
Scroll down to the bottom of the file.
I've added a comment.
Buffer's Tomaz file handle cache.
These directives we are going to add must be added in the HTP context.
Now, are we going to make use of the include directive to use the include directive you type include
the Newtok, the path to the file.
So it's include the space global slash buffers, dot com in f semicolon directives end in semicolons.
Now we need to include timeouts, global slash timeouts, botsio in f semicolon hash include global
slash file and all cache.
Semicolon the file handle cash for those directives to work properly.
You need a stable asset environment.
Comment those directives finish setting up your site, add all your content.
Once that's done, come back to this file and uncommented that particular line.
It's pointless having a file handle cash enabled when you are still busy building your WordPress site
control x, you want to exit neno save the changes before we proceed.
Sudo Ingenix ifn t test the configuration syntaxes.
OK test is successful.
To enable the changes we have made, we now need to reload Ingenix.
That's the main engine X config file taken care of.